account_invoice_line_default_account/README.rst, before:

====================================
Account Invoice Line Default Account
====================================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:6846a93aa1552f2730519e7447067bf7695ac5e5f628d5252e7d9aacc7d57ec3
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Faccount--invoicing-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/account-invoicing/tree/12.0/account_invoice_line_default_account
    :alt: OCA/account-invoicing
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/account-invoicing-12-0/account-invoicing-12-0-account_invoice_line_default_account
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/account-invoicing&target_branch=12.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

When entering sales or purchase invoices directly, the user has to select an
account which will be used as a counterpart in the generated move lines. Each
supplier will mostly be linked to one account. For instance when ordering paper
from a supplier that deals in paper, the counterpart account will mostly be
something like 'office expenses'. The same principle has been applied for
customers. This module will add a default counterpart expense and income
account to a partner, comparable to the similiar field in product. When an
invoice is entered, withouth a product, the field from partner will be used as
default. Also when an account is entered on an invoice line (not automatically
selected for a product), the account will be automatically linked to the
partner as default expense or income account, unless explicitly disabled in the
partner record.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Known issues / Roadmap
======================

- Remove the `write` from `account.invoice.line._onchange_account_id`
- Retrieve the real `default` attribute for field `account.invoice.line.account_id`

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/account-invoicing/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/account-invoicing/issues/new?body=module:%20account_invoice_line_default_account%0Aversion:%2012.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Therp BV
* BCIM

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Ronald Portier, Therp
* Jacques-Etienne Baudoux <je@bcim.be> (BCIM sprl)
* `TAKOBI <https://takobi.online>`_:

  * Simone Rubino <sir@takobi.online>
  * Lorenzo Battistini

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/account-invoicing <https://github.com/OCA/account-invoicing/tree/12.0/account_invoice_line_default_account>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

[16.0][MIG] account_invoice_line_default_account
Use the standard compute method in order to get default account on new lines

Avoid too much writings on partner by taking the first candidate line
and update the account.

Split tests and add supplier invoices test cases

(cherry picked from commit dc5ed651481440a2195344e8137e247cdcfdafd6)

account_invoice_line_default_account/README.rst, after:

====================================
Account Invoice Line Default Account
====================================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:480f6ce27daa02f5a233dc50f5c7b00f71ad7a855700355ae89e914e019f05e9
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Faccount--invoicing-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/account-invoicing/tree/16.0/account_invoice_line_default_account
    :alt: OCA/account-invoicing
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/account-invoicing-16-0/account-invoicing-16-0-account_invoice_line_default_account
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/account-invoicing&target_branch=16.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

When entering sales or purchase invoices directly, the user has to select an
account which will be used as a counterpart in the generated move lines. Each
supplier will mostly be linked to one account. For instance when ordering paper
from a supplier that deals in paper, the counterpart account will mostly be
something like 'office expenses'. The same principle has been applied for
customers. This module will add a default counterpart expense and income
account to a partner, comparable to the similiar field in product. When an
invoice is entered, withouth a product, the field from partner will be used as
default. Also when an account is entered on an invoice line (not automatically
selected for a product), the account will be automatically linked to the
partner as default expense or income account, unless explicitly disabled in the
partner record.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/account-invoicing/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/account-invoicing/issues/new?body=module:%20account_invoice_line_default_account%0Aversion:%2016.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Therp BV
* BCIM

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Ronald Portier, Therp
* Jacques-Etienne Baudoux <je@bcim.be> (BCIM sprl)
* Denis Roussel <denis.roussel@acsone.eu>
* `TAKOBI <https://takobi.online>`_:

  * Simone Rubino <sir@takobi.online>
  * Lorenzo Battistini

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/account-invoicing <https://github.com/OCA/account-invoicing/tree/16.0/account_invoice_line_default_account>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
