account_invoice_fixed_discount/README.rst, before:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.svg
   :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
   :alt: License: AGPL-3

==============================
Account Invoice Fixed Discount
==============================

This module extends the functionality of Invoicing to allow you to apply fixed
amount discounts at invoice line level.

The module also extends the invoice report to show fixed discount.

Installation
============

**Warning**: This module is incompatible with
``account_invoice_triple_discount`` which also belongs to `OCA/account-invoicing
<https://github.com/OCA/account-invoicing>`_.

Configuration
=============

To configure this module, you need to:

#. Go to * Sale > Configuration > Settings*.
#. In the *Discount* option select *Allow discounts on sales order lines*.

Usage
=====

To use this module, you need to:

#. Go to *Invoicing*.
#. Create a Invoice and specify a fixed discount in a line.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/95/9.0

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues
<https://github.com/OCA/account-invoicing/issues>`_. In case of trouble, please
check there if your issue has already been reported. If you spotted it first,
help us smash it by providing detailed and welcomed feedback.

Credits
=======

Images
------

* Odoo Community Association: `Icon <https://github.com/OCA/maintainer-tools/blob/master/template/module/static/description/icon.svg>`_.

Contributors
------------

* Lois Rilo <lois.rilo@eficent.com>
* Jordi Ballester <jordi.ballester@eficent.com>


Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit https://odoo-community.org.

Commit message:

[10.0][MIG] account_invoice_fixed_discount

account_invoice_fixed_discount/README.rst, after:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.svg
   :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
   :alt: License: AGPL-3

==============================
Account Invoice Fixed Discount
==============================

This module extends the functionality of Invoicing to allow you to apply fixed
amount discounts at invoice line level.

The module also extends the invoice report to show fixed discount.

Installation
============

**Warning**: This module is incompatible with
``account_invoice_triple_discount`` which also belongs to `OCA/account-invoicing
<https://github.com/OCA/account-invoicing>`_.

Configuration
=============

To configure this module, you need to:

#. Go to * Sale > Configuration > Settings*.
#. In the *Discount* option select *Allow discounts on sales order lines*.

Usage
=====

To use this module, you need to:

#. Go to *Invoicing*.
#. Create a Invoice and specify a fixed discount in a line.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/95/10.0

Known issues / Roadmap
======================

* At the moment, the simultaneous use of percent and fixed discounts (at
  line level) is not supported.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues
<https://github.com/OCA/account-invoicing/issues>`_. In case of trouble, please
check there if your issue has already been reported. If you spotted it first,
help us smash it by providing detailed and welcomed feedback.

Credits
=======

Images
------

* Odoo Community Association: `Icon <https://github.com/OCA/maintainer-tools/blob/master/template/module/static/description/icon.svg>`_.

Contributors
------------

* Lois Rilo <lois.rilo@eficent.com>
* Jordi Ballester <jordi.ballester@eficent.com>


Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit https://odoo-community.org.
